The last method that we're going to refactor is the method and method as you can see we're receiving
an ID from our controller from our path.
And with that ID we're going to our posit Tori and trying to bleed the product that we have.
All right.
So let's bring everything from here and move them to our service class.
And I'm going to create a new method for our lead method and in our case we're not returning anything
back to our users.
So our method is void.
So in our service method we don't have to return anything.
So I'm going to keep it that way.
And the lead product is going to be the name of our method in the product method.
I'm going to be taking a simple string Id just as we did with an out and cruller.
And in this method I'm simply going to paste everything we have from the control method.
And in that method we have an unnecessary line we are trying to delete the same product again and again.
So to get rid of that I'm simply going to refactor here and say I'm going to be deleting my product
with my ID.
I didn't get from the controller so I'll simply say product repository that delete all right
and then switch back to our controller and say
product service dot product.
All right.
We have gone over the basic refactoring of our controller.
We have proper laid out the model controller and the service method that we're going to take advantage
with tower controller.
And as you can see with our application code our controller code our controller code as we're in much
better looking now and we have of course a couple of things that we can get rid of.
So in our case we don't make use of the product repository again and as you can see Intel is warning
us that snow were used so we can easily get rid of that.
And I'm actually going to do it now so I'll get rid of this line.
And of course I am going to get rid of the older wiring line.
Here we go.
We have much more of a cleaner and cruller methods that we have with our application.
Doesn't this look better.
So let's check out what else we can do within our control or within our application so that you can
act better and work better.
So in our service class we can take advantage of logging and notify our system admins or anything that's
going to make use of those low so that everything is low and everything is under direct threat.
So to do that I'm going to create a s.l 4G logger and of course I'm going to say private lager from
a cell away and I'll give it to name LUGG and this log or is going to be coming from the logger factory
of self or J and I'll say lager and product service
class.
All right what I'm going to do now I'm going to log every action that we have within our application
and by doing that I'm also going to be handling the exceptions within my application.
So let's start by our first method our get product method.
So in this case our get product method might not find anything within the repository but in that case
spring doesn't bring us any error any problem within our application with our control response.
So we're going to actually have to do anything with the exception handling in the get product method.
But what we can do is we can provide a log statement that we're trying to find the product with a given
ID.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to say log that info and I can notify the users modify the
system admin so that I'm trying to find a product from the repository and I can say
getting the product with a given ID and of course that idea is going to be the idea that I see within
my method.
All right.
And if I go down to our Save product method our same method is much more of an error prone method because
spring can throw transaction exceptions under concurrency exceptions and much more trouble that we can
have within our application.
So to get rid of that I'm going to try and catch the exception that we're going to have.
So I'm going to say try and I'll move the statement right up there so that I can handle much more better.
All right I'm going to cut this.
And and of course I'm going to be taking the product that I have from the repository.
So I'll say product product to say all right.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to be getting the product to say to my property.
And after that if an exception happens with my code I'm going to catch any exception that I'm going
to have and I'll say
log an error this time because we're in the catch statement and I'm going to say an error Kurupt
during product saving and I can of course provide the stack trace.
All right.
So I'll say
E dot message.
All right.
And of course and this line I'm going to say look that info saving
product and actual That's more than enough and I can provide credit so that there is a interaction going
on within the backend and in the last line.
I'm simply going to say and return our product.
All right and to handle the returning statement better I'm going to say I'll read the product right
here and then in the last line.
I'm simply going to be returning a product to say and that product to say is going to be a new product.
So I'll say
all right
and let's go down to our last method which is the update product
indie product method or going to our Depository and after going to our repository we're trying to get
a product that we have within our repository with the given ID and after our Altec we're trying to set
the properties one by one to our product and then we're simply trying to save our product to our repository
and take care of everything within the null check with this saving process.
I'm going to use try and catch statements.
So I'll say try and within this try I'm not going to use the mall anymore because if a now takes place
and then I'm going to be taking throwing an exception so I'll print it out so I'll copy all these lines
right down low and I'm going to also catch the error that I'm going to have and I'll say exception.
All right.
So I can get rid of the statements right here and I can simply say that I'm going to be having a problem
with my application.
And of course this level of logging is going to be error and I'll say an error.
Awkward.
During the update product
and of course I'm going to print the stack trace message that I have with the exception and also I'm
going to be getting rid of the logging statements right here.
And let's check out what else we can do with our application method.
Let's get rid of the empty lines.
And it looks good.
We have everything we can do with this method.
And let's go down to our delete method in our sweep method.
We're trying to simply delete the object within ID from our repository.
So to cover that much more better because we can have problems with tile repository.
I'm going to move this to my try and catch statements and I'm going to handle it.
And after the trying I'm going to say exception and I was the exception.
An error
during the meeting or product and of course I'm going to provide the exception and the message that
I have with that exception.
All right
let's switch back to our controller and take a look.
And as you can see we have much more of a cleaner looking controller.
After couple of refactoring couple of minutes that we take to our controller we could have a much better
problem handling within our controllers within our application.
And we now have a full fledged controller that we can use within our applications within our environments
and to make use of this controller to make use of this application in the next video we're going to
be talking about the rest template from spring so that we can programmatically make requests to our
controllers within this application.
So I'll see in the next video.